 It's a shame. It's a shame. It's a shame. but also the leap into electronic type setting, remaining essentially unchanged. It was popularized in the 1960s with the release of retrospect sheet containing Lauren Ibsen passages, and more recently with despoir publishing software, like a load display, basically, and PC, it was the general display. Lauren Ibsum is simply dummy text of the prince Jing and time The king of the kingdom The king of the kingdom The king of the kingdom The king of the kingdom The king of the kingdom Silly Whee Silly Whee Silly Whee Silly Cool Silly Cool Silly Cool Silly Cool Silly Cool Silly This is one of one We have a guest here on the earth and an open world. Sound to vice-s, Penese, you are the mother of Matthias Mauder. He also knows what is space. Yes, full. That's right. It was the famous show in the world. It was a great show. We are here. We are here. We are here. We are here. We are here. We are here. We are here. We are here. We are here. We are here. We are here. We are here. We are here. We are here and the Chinese community has creeks and something unique. Here is the famous and magical organization festival here in Thailand. The famous and magical organization here in Thailand. The important thing that I look forward to is the view of the song Donald Trump. I look forward to the view of the MC's spectrum of below Pi vs. As the reaction of this warmönding song by Böf only. Open Halt, open Halt. It was a long way for you to come from LA. Yes. You also brought a small mini-mine with me. You even brought it with you. He was the English teacher. Yes. I saw it before when I came in. They made it extra for me. I think it's pretty sweet. I'm also a big Lego fan. I'm very happy that I brought it with me. I think it's a win-game. That's cool. But cool. I wonder if he gives me the invitation. I can build the house in the background. Yes, that's cool. So warm. The most fun thing is that you have a great sound from the world. I'm a fan. And that fits perfectly. I think you're a full space. Yes, that's true. And the music is also a little... That's all the sounds. That's futuristic. The sound is always like a transformer and a robot and alien music. That's why you fit everything very well together. It's a bit classic, but as a child in a school, we have to fill out something like what we want later. And then I actually wrote astronauts there. Of course, if you really want to run as a child, you have to train through the centrifuge. And of course, it's also a body. It probably looks pretty. But it's still nice to bring everything into relation and somehow feel to get it. That we're only on these little blue planets. When you go out there, you really got up and I had this enormous shoot with a mark and it's full of dance. And for a very good moment, it was like the host asked me, oh, that's pretty heavy. But after a few minutes, everything was already over. And that's why I was able to relax very quickly. And the flight and this great journey to the international space station, and then also enjoy it. And after 12 minutes, the rocket was burned out and cut off from our space capsule. And from this moment on, we could relax very much and then go to our space station, ISS, and then go to the international space station. And since I'm here, I'm just enjoying this life in the heavyness. We can go in. We've just ordered two sound parts. And Matthias, we've also got the picture material for some noises. And for some, not? Okay. But whenever we have it, we'll definitely get it. Beautiful background outside. Exactly. But somehow something has already happened. And there's a nice atmosphere. It's a bit tonal. Yes. We can do a flat out. Matthias, with a different view. With a different view, it's very good. So, in a sample, it's always good. Cool, maybe you can even make something out of your voice. And we've got the toilet noises down here. What do you see? It's here, under the roof. We have a hose. A hose is a button. When I turn it on, there's a loud noise. That's the toilet. And then I'll demonstrate how to make a pipe. I'll put it in here. Pinch. Yeah, with this water bottle. And the nice thing is that you can put a vacuum cleaner in here. Cool. Cool. You can make a riser out of it. Yes, I can do that. I can do that. A high-fitch hose. So many drops are normally not there. But of course with the bottle, it's a bit complicated. That's why I'm not doing that. That's the sample from Drop. The keyboard. And then it's up. What do you think is the biggest challenge to make a song where you would like to listen to the song? I would like to say that it's not that good. It's a real üble. It's a transformer. It's a DAF-syllable, because it's bass and a world-room. And the ISS is a bit of a bit of a cover. And you can see the Earth from above. That's a bit of a feeling. What you can see. Maybe you get it when you're on the Earth. That's a bit of a delay. But maybe it's in the future direction. Maybe with the garaging intro. Because the passive noise of the recordings is actually very good for it. But I don't want to miss anything too much. That's something that's a bit of a challenge. That's why he's listening to it. And maybe he's also wondering. Oh, cool. That's what I've noticed. And that's what's in here. Cool. That's a good answer. A bit more original. Let's keep it up. Then let's start. Yes. And I'm still a co-pilot. If I look down on our planet, I want to be able to be in this space ship with me and this view. So that we can work more together, more together, together, develop together with goals and develop less egoistic. That's just a sinus tone with a bit of the output in the background. I can pull it up like a coil and then it's in a small sample. Now I can play with the keyboard. You hear the sound in the background. It's a bit hard. But it could be cool. Let's just release it here. Otherwise we have another plug. That's actually cool. And the output pitch. I think it's really nice. Maybe with a filter, we have a bypass that is practically the best out of it. And now maybe a hal and echo. I've made some catn-like effects here. As pre-set, you can make small digital control rules here. They make effects here for a dream. If you turn it in here, you go to a lot of parameters. You can make a cool bass. That's a... ...full. I need to play with it. I'm playing with time. I don't have to do everything. And now we can... ... again. It's more or less like a space. Yes, full. I don't want to do that for Western or like... ...me. And a direct sinus effect. It's pretty nice. What's the tempo? I have a... ...damp. So, Mufli Boxen has always been an extra for children. Like a stick or a straw home. And at the time, they had CDs in the package. There was a demo of a game. Or a demo of a music program. It's called Dance for IJ. I had to go to my brother on a computer, and I had to leave it there for an hour. And then I started doing music. And he was... ...as I don't know. He was 12. He was already in the school, and started to study music production in Münster. So, he was already in the program. And then he gave me a first-case walk. Here's a drum sampler. And here's a sample of his own. And then he started doing it. And then, at night, I started doing a MIDI keyboard. And then I started doing it. Maybe in G-Moll, because I read the Internet, the Earth-winging is in G. What's important is... ...you can practically... ...a frequency of something. If you can get something back again, you can put it into a heart. And a Earth-winging. The heart's kinda zero-icherword zero zero zero zero one six hertz. And you can doch the octave up. So everything in this sequence is tokens. We are like, you have an octave to go up. And when you think about that, with a string in the buffer, it is ultimately necessary in G. But it also works for all planets. For coins and other. For亞ne rocks andcation. I also have the Internet. I think it's here. Here are the data from PlanetWare.de. I found it here. And there are all the data in there. You can find different rotations and planets. They are all the data and in which octave the frequency is. It's not very funny. That was definitely the proof of what you did. The gas that was working here in Planet Harri with us to make this sound. So it's something very useful. The idea is great. I love that. I love it too. Only in tone, which is not very clear, you have to give a little story behind it. If you ask yourself why did you make the song in which and tone you made it? If you make a story like that, you don't have a question. But if you have a song with a story, you're always a mega. Sometimes I just have to get to know myself. I'm really in the world now. And it's under me the earth 400 kilometers away. And there I really have 28,000 kilometers over our planet. And I'm just thinking, that's a bit more of a bit more of a bit. I think I'm doing it here behind an equalizer that makes me the deep, the sound directly away. And then there's a filter built into the sample. You can make the sound away and move it. So that everyone can go a little bit. But it's so funny. I can now direct this into this interstela soundcheck. From Hans Zimmer, I think it's definitely directly in this universe. So it's going to be right in the middle. Someone comes and says, you could be one of the first 100 people to be the music. And everything will stay the same. But you know, you're going to make a story. If that's what's going to happen, it's going to be. For a few years we've talked about friends who would do something about it. And thought experiments. And then I thought, yes, we had the right to do it. And if you could come back home, then you wouldn't have to come back home. And just to have a sense of self-esteem, to have a relationship with what we're planning. But now, in between, after all the things I've done, I've done so many plans. And I want to do so many things. That's maybe too much commitment. Now, for example, on the new Justin Bieber album, that's what the first song was. We got the vocal check. And then we wrote a piano. And then I got a Grammy for it. Because that's what's nominated. That's really cool. And that's what makes me really fun. Because, just with the classical musical background, with Klavir, I've already had more pop music, something logical to do. The Dopsip Cram is a bit more character, a bit more technical and a bit more rational. And I tried to connect it to both of them. But I wouldn't complain to the future for the K-Darmic. I think I'm now dreaming of Katy Perry or Taylor Swift songs to write. I had to go to the whole box. It's a very close contact to Skrillex, for example, in a state of mind. Because I've also seen it on Instagram, that you've always been able to do it again and again. Can you tell us a bit about the history of your relationship? He had an assistant, who, I think, also had a film-like thing with him. And he always drove videos on his shows. And he was looking for new music in the Internet. Because then there was always Skrillex select. I had a week with some kind of 10 songs from the new artists. And then he was also one of me. And then he showed the Skrillex. And when I was a little bit older, I was six and a half years old. He had somehow called me. We wrote on Twitter or something like that. And then he sent me his handi-no. And then he came home. And then he was like, half a year later, and I was just like, and because he had time and then I could go there. And then I just put on the couch. And then he was like, that's the way it was. And he also had that ball. But he also noticed that. And then he went to the first high school and had an interview. And then I first saw the acclimatization. And then we met. And then we wrote something. And then again, I just came home and then he had an session where I didn't have any idea about Ariana Grande or Ray Lee or Justin Bieber. And then we had a session where he had something to work on. And then we did a piano chord together. And then it was just a piano. And then we did the first song on the album Too Much. That's right from you. And the whole piano. I played everything myself. And then we went through the studio with him. And we listened to it and thought, Ah, here, the one chord, maybe there. And then how it's a lot to us and that's it. And then it was finished. And now I would like to see if you can practically somehow do something with the sampler that could make this background. I'll do the best again here. Here's a little peak. So, practically, it's a pipe that you make a little higher. And cool is here, you can also look down here. Where does it turn out? Here, actually, it's down here, a little keyboard keyboard. Then you can see exactly where, now, which frequency actually on a keyboard would be. Ray, now, or what's always the thing? That's actually a G. So, because I'm not in the middle of it now. And now, in the middle of it, it's a fit of harmonious components. Exactly. And now I could also look here, that the G-nauptave is down there. Even if it's just out there, we can still have a little bit of a beforehand. Maybe even that G-nauptave is down there. That's somehow a bit like an organ practice. Here's also the different registers. And then it's one octave higher, and another one is a quinto higher. And here, I'm practically... ...synos-töne in the outing. Let's see what we have here. Well, here upstairs, really cool. And now you can practically play it like a flat sound. It's actually really cool. It sounds almost like a church organ. Yeah. Even if it's interstellar, it has a hammer or a hammer. It also has a lot of church organ and so on. But now it's very acoustic. Yeah, because you even made an organ like that, that you can play the organ in the church on the table. Yeah, oh, I grew up in Lempbeck. That's the corner of the apartment in the corner. And there could be not so much next job, but somehow things like that, not even in the river, the product, or sandbag. I did it. And in the morning, I did it for a second and I didn't have any Bockmeer. After I noticed that you had to drive only in the village, but then also 5 kilometers out of the country, on some kind of farm. Before time comes, I have to go to the farm for four mornings. I do over-girls with the church. Yeah, it was actually pretty cool, because I learned a lot of music theory. So the proof was at the end. Then actually, actually, in order to get some heart, as somehow the open proof in the pop-up academy, that didn't have to be prepared for that. But that was very cool. Then we learned all the intervals and scales, and we had to have the organ in order to pay it to you, so that we could then play in the church. I also see you have a crucifix as an organ stecker. That's just just cool. So really cool. We were actually not, maybe, like, at night, in a church or something, or that was, yeah, so I was kind of, kind of, financially, about the round-up. In the morning, I had an idea, because I was musically used to it. I'm definitely going to get a call on that, but I have, when I have organists, then I play in the mess, between the evening and then I come to the front and then I'm just improvising, then after I play what I want. Then I practically have a very slow, interesting theme or something like that. But that's, yeah, that's very expensive. If you have all this time, that's also on the church organ. It sounds undetected. And then, like you people have noticed, if someone had taken his child with him, or the catomail, or so they were like, I don't know, what should I do? That's what I said. Then I had a bit of my fun, if there's a bit of fun there, and then there's a lot of time, and then there's a lot of time, then it should be like this. That's my plan here. In this room is exactly in there. What activities I have to take for the whole day. Monday to Friday, we have morning and evening work here on the ISS, experiments, but also expectations, but also two and a half hours of sports. That's what we have to do, so that we can keep fit with the difficulty and change the body, we need muscles and legs and so that we can fly back to the earth and do these two and a half hours of sports. And Sunday we have a bit of free time, we can get up there and then also talk to the family about the rush and our colleagues, like on the ground on the earth, for all people to run. So I look here, I practically stand here as a bass-tower. That's actually quite nice. I can now also a little, that it sounds a little thicker, because that's just a kind of leises, here with a microleiser, so that I can see what's going on here, and here with distortion, that it's a bit of a fatter, compression and actually, the bridge is already very good, I think it's actually quite nice, because we have a bit of the lighted up-sep-voggle feeling. Yes, and then it reaches distortion. It's a bit of a bandy, it doesn't go that well, just like the thing. So that's actually quite cool. Now I have another idea, maybe a little melody, which actually has a little rhythm, like our bass melody, with the same sound.